README.md, before:

# Mobil’Air Grenoble

Mobil’Air Grenoble is a web-based visualization tool designed to explore the impact of our transportation habits on air quality and the environment, as well as to better understand the public transport infrastructure available across the Grenoble metropolitan area.

The initial constraints were to design a web application using no JS framework apart from D3.js, and for the total project size including the databases to be less than 10Mb. 

The application provides interactive maps and data visualizations to:
- Visualize different modes of transportation and their environmental impact  
- Explore public transport networks (tram, bus, stations, lines, coverage areas)  
- Identify high-density transport zones and mobility patterns  
- Understand how mobility choices affect urban air quality  

Mobil’Air Grenoble is aimed at citizens, urban planners, students, and anyone interested in sustainable mobility and smart cities.

---

## Run the server

Run the following command from the project root:

```bash
./scripts/start-server.sh
```

Commit message:

Improve README with clearer server run instructions
Updated instructions for running the server locally and added a section about GitHub pages.

README.md, after:

# Mobil’Air Grenoble

Mobil’Air Grenoble is a web-based visualization tool designed to explore the impact of our transportation habits on air quality and the environment, as well as to better understand the public transport infrastructure available across the Grenoble metropolitan area.

The initial constraints were to design a web application using no JS framework apart from D3.js, and for the total project size including the databases to be less than 10Mb. 

The application provides interactive maps and data visualizations to:
- Visualize different modes of transportation and their environmental impact  
- Explore public transport networks (tram, bus, stations, lines, coverage areas)  
- Identify high-density transport zones and mobility patterns  
- Understand how mobility choices affect urban air quality  

Mobil’Air Grenoble is aimed at citizens, urban planners, students, and anyone interested in sustainable mobility and smart cities.

---

## Running the server locally

To launch the server locally, run the following command from the project root:

```bash
./scripts/start-server.sh
```

## Github pages
The project is hosted on github pages at [/public](public/)
